# Development Goals/Ideas

These are my future goals and ideas for the project.

I am not entirely sure if I'll be able to or will implement any of these, and they are (mostly) listed in no particular order.
Enjoy!

- Probably the highest feature on my list is integration with more sensors, probably at least a GPS at first. GPS can give you, well, position, but also some decently accurate altitude and speed data. It could be enough, or I might need to use actual alt/speed modules. Who knows. But either way, adding an integration with [GPS](https://www.adafruit.com/product/746) (at least) allows the opportunity for so many more of the features I would like to see in the future. These include:
  - An autothrottle! That means more FBW features like alpha floor and overspeed protection, and if I was smart enough (not yet) I could make a full implementation of an autothrottle that could control throttle to keep correct speeds in all or most stages of flight. Wishful thinking, I know.
  - An actual autopilot with more flight modes. Similar to how Ardupilot does it, with different modes (and therefore different code) that activates for takeoff, climbout, cruise, approach, landing, etc. This is probably the most complex idea to implement because it requires precise control, nested PIDs, and it's scary throwing my code onto something that goes very fast and can definetly hurt. And is expensive.
    - Adding on to this, a sort of path planner (taking inspiration from team 3015's software) for you to plan missions. I could imagine having some overlay on top of a maps app that allows you to create GPS waypoints and altitudes that the plane will follow. And I could eventually integrate it wiht an auto takeoff/landing. Very cool but also very hard to implement. And it could also require:
- Integration with a more powerful device such as an actual Raspberry Pi (or one of its clones, the real ones are currently impossible to find). This would be very challenging to implement but would allow for many more features that you just can't do with a microcontroller, like a camera or debatably some other features above this one. When I originally started this project, I chose a microcontroller because I both wanted to learn how to develop for one but also because I felt a fully-fledged machine like the Raspberry Pi would introduce too much lag.
- Make it easier/simpler to configure and tune, especally PID! I want to make this approachable and decently easy to use, and right now, as much as I've tried to mitigate it, there still definetly is a learning curve and knowledge barrier invloved. Different PID gains are basically 100% necessary between different aircraft I would think, so either make a safe way to auto-tune it (unlikely) or just really good documentation on tuning it, plus maybe a way to write the gains over serial, so people don't have to download and compile source (because that really confused me the first times I had to do it).
  - Edit: I did some more research and Arduplane achieves [its PID auto calibration](https://ardupilot.org/plane/docs/automatic-tuning-with-autotune.html) in an interesting way, maybe implement it similarly

If you're reading this, chances are you are either really interested in the project, and/or you are a developer yourself! Either way, thank you for checking this out! If you do happen to be a developer and want to help, don't hesitate to get in contact with me. Feel free to open an issue or PR and we can go from there. I'm also doing my best to work with people I know to help me with the project, but any help is always appriciated! Thank you :)
